the Leonardo da Vinci built by the Costa Aldo di Genova for the company
Italian was equipped with 11 wharf could accommodate 1360 passengers
entered service in June 1960 on the genoa new york line with a
cruising speed of 25 knots was destroyed by fire in 1980 and
demolished 2 years later
In 2010
I was asked to restore one of his construction models that time had
reduced in precarious conditions and on which some details were mounted
inhomogeneous with respect to the original ship
cooperative of this model is composed of layers of solid wood
externally shaped internally discharged
the dead work and steel sheet
the superstructures are formed by superimposed elements connected to each other
by means of rieti
this dog has favored disassembly
first I fixed the hull by rectifying the living work he
aligning as much as possible
the dead work
then I go out finished hull with several steps of capturing and polishing
with application of synthetic base paint
oooh completely eliminated the old paint from southern Italy superstructures
the hull
I applied a first coat of color
I then restored the maneuver deck and the bow deck
where I have redone the missing accessories can damage
the model is illuminated internally
I replaced the old incandescent lamps with low-consumption ones
I rebuilt the wiring and I mounted a standard cable connector so as to
avoid that as already happened
the power supply cable is cut when entering the hull
for glazing
used accepted a quarter of a millimeter thick
which I have specified
at the bridge walk where hands pass were depicted by painted black lines
with appropriately supported steel wires mounted
particular attention was paid to the lance bridge where they were installed
echourouk mirror pumps with pump unevenness of the original
I rebuilt all the resin boats according to the original form
then it was built you installed the highlights of the gravitational type like those that
actually installed on the Leonardo da Vinci
I continued with the restoration of the upper bridges up to the counter bridge
I have cleaned sanded and varnished every deck covering
all glass shredder clean
I added fixing screws at the points where you raised them in
way to prevent
the French of the inconvenience
on the model two right-hand helix were mounted
I replaced them and built some brass axes inserted in boxes
so that they can vote freely
I repaired the stabilizer fins and as for the propellers I replaced the
old wooden planks with others in brass by inserting them in the case
even the first ones can ruin freely
I dismantled repaired the tree
I reinstalled the different components and I repositioned it on site
the names that were composed of plastic letters some of which was 8
missing flowers made all by cutting them from an aluminum plate
half a millimeter thick
and after having finished them painted I glued them on site
I rebuilt the missing railings I redid all the flower ladders
built in brass, the entire pool furniture consisting of chairs and tables
I have arranged the three pools to which I have remade at the bottom which simulates
water filling
leo furnished with the new material except for the umbrellas
as it could recover the existing ones
the model after restoration faces a long journey to return to his
seat
that socks cannot be excluded because they are moved later
I therefore built a robust cushioned structure with slots
fastening that ensures my safety during transport
have a nice trip
if you want to know more, visit www. myths of the sea
. life